the big game is right around the corner
and I've got a bunch of people coming
over but what are they going to eat I
could order pizza but I did that last
weekend people like finger foods right
how about chips and salsa I've got it
mini corn dogs on a stick
corn dog pops it's gonna be perfect I
have a really good recipe so let's get
started you're going to need 1 package
of hot dogs make sure that it contains
no nitrates because they're really bad
for you
3/4 cup of yellow cornmeal 1 cup of
all-purpose flour 1/4 teaspoon of salt
or half a teaspoon of kosher salt 3
tablespoons of white sugar 4 teaspoons
of baking powder 1 egg 1 cup of
buttermilk 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil
another quart of vegetable oil for
frying and then some extra all-purpose
flour for dusting if you don't have
buttermilk you can make your own how you
do that is take one cup of milk and add
a tablespoon of white vinegar or lemon
juice stir it up and voila
in a pot put in your corner oil and then
put it on the stove and turn it on
medium heat now in a large bowl combine
your cornmeal flour salt sugar baking
powder and whisk it all together then
add your egg buttermilk and oil and
whisk it up again your batter should
look a little thicker than pancake
batter
I want my corndog pops to be bite-sized
so I'm going to cut the hotdogs into
quarters but you can leave them whole or
cut them in half whatever you want
now take your hotdogs and that's the
lightly with some of the extra
all-purpose flour this will help the
batter stick to the hotdog pieces better
then insert a lollipop stick or a skewer
into each of the hotdog pieces take your
hotdog skewer and then dip and rotate it
into the batter make
sure that it's completely coated then
slowly remove it from the batter and let
the excess batter drip back into the
bowl now it's ready to fry frying the
best method for corndogs because you're
using a liquid batter and then it
develops this crispy outer shell when
you cook it to check to see if the oil
is hot enough stick a chopstick in the
pot and touch the bottom to see if it
starts to bubble if it starts to bubble
then it's ready now take your batter
covered hotdog and immerse it into the
hot oil while holding the stick be
really careful not to burn yourself cook
it for about 2 to 3 minutes or until all
the sides are deep golden-brown rotate
it to make sure it Browns evenly now
take it out of the oil and let it drain
on a plate lined with some paper towels
the best way to eat this is with some
classic ketchup and mustard put it on a
platter and serve what a great game so
fun our team won everyone ate the food
and best of all it's quality time with
our friends and family so the next time
you have a big sports get-together
try these corndogs everyone will go nuts
you